The button, the infamous button. So, there is no such thing as a button.
There's a difference between the nuclear navy and the weaponized
nuclear navy. If you're on a ballistic submarine, then they do have
nuclear weapons on it and technically there is a button on that, that
shoots off the weapons. I've never seen it. I didn't work on the subs,
so I'm not one to talk about it but the ship that I was on, an
aircraft carrier, there's no such thing. Nuclear technicians on an aircraft
carrier, we just deal with making the ship go through the water,
providing electricity, doing all of the things that a power generation
station would do for a city. There is nothing to explode.